{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Geneva;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14920\viewh10640\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Neptune Diving School is located in the heart of beautiful South Beach, Florida within walking distance from most hotels and and the beach. We offer an array of classes and certifications ranging from Open Water through Instructor as well as a variety of specialties including underwater photography, enriched air (Nitrox), night diver, wreck diver and many more. We offer private lessons and corporate programs tailored to your specific needs and circumstances. Our energetic, experienced staff to help you gain the confidence and knowledge to perform one of life's most rewarding sports.\
\
We have many boats available that depart 7 days a week. Reservations are required. We also require a nationally recognized certification card if you are SCUBA diving. We are able to verify PADI divers without their c-card. Private charters are available, as are Instructors, Divemasters and Guides. We also offer multiple dive discounts. Please feel free to give us a call toll free @ 1-888-651-DIVE and let us do your vacation planning for you!\
\
Contact Info:\
Neptune Diving School\
900 Franklin Avenue\
South Beach, FL 33130\
(305) 561-6000\
1-888-651-DIVE\
email: info@neptunediving.com\
\
\
\
DIVE TRIP SCHEDULE \
\
Key Largo \
Every Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday we have Dive/Snorkel excursions to Key Largo's world famous "John Pennekamp Marine Sanctuary". This protected area offers some of the most prolific corals and tropical fish life in the entire Florida Keys. Depths range from 10 feet (3 meters) to 60 feet (20 meters) with an average visibility of 40-80 feet which makes this area ideal for snorkeling too! Water temperature ranges from 70 degrees in the winter to 86 degrees in the summer. Meeting time is 10am, return at 7pm.\
	\
Scuba dive two locations, including tanks and weights $65.00\
Snorkeling (including gear) $59.00\
Rider (bubble watcher) $25.00\
\
Miami\
Every Saturday, Sunday and most days of the week we have Dive trips off of Miami beach Meeting time for the morning trip is at 8:30 am at South Beach Divers, return at 1 pm. Meeting time for the afternoon trip is 11:45 am at South Beach Divers, return at 5:00 pm.\
\
Miami is home to over 45 diveable wrecks including freighters, barges, yachts, tugs, a water tower, oil platforms, army tanks and much more. Water temperature is the same as above and visibility ranges from 25 feet (8 meters) to over 75 feet. Typical aquatic life found in Miami are eels, grouper, snapper, stingrays, nurse sharks (harmless), tarpon and a wide variety of tropicals.\
\
Scuba dive two locations, including tanks and weights $65.00\
Snorkeling (including gear) $55.95\
Rider (bubble watcher) $25.00\
 \
CLASSES\
\
Discover Scuba Diving Class\
Not certified yet? Ever wanted to try Scuba diving but not go through the course? Then you should try the PADI Discover Scuba Diving Program. It only takes one day! Let our qualified instructors show you the beautiful underwater world while it thrives. \
\
Your day will begin at 8:30am at South Beach Divers where we will go over the basics of Scuba and give you a short quiz about what you just learned (Don\'92t worry, it\'92s multiple choice and nobody has failed it yet). Then it is off to the pool for your first breaths underwater and to learn a few basic skills. We will return to South Beach Divers at about 10:30 where we will meet the van bound for Key Largo. After a quick 1hr 15min ride we will board the boat and head out to John Pennekamp Marine sanctuary for first two ocean dives all under the supervision of one of our certified instructors. You will return to Miami Beach at approximately 7:00pm.\
\
This fun filled day costs $145 per person, which includes everything except a bathing suit and a towel. Private and group rates are also available. We do not include lunch, however we do stop on the way down to the Keys to give everybody a chance to get food and drinks for the boat trip. \
\
We regularly schedule this program every Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday. Reservations are required. Minimum age is 12. Those under 18 need a parent or guardian\'92s signature. \
	\
\
Open Water SCUBA class\
Now is the time to dive into the PADI Open Water Diver course, the most popular dive program in the world! This is your ticket to a lifetime of intense adventure in diving! Your certification class will take three days. The first day is divided into two sections: classroom and pool. The second two days are filled with four dives, two per day, and nothing but fun!\
\
Day 1: The first day begins at 9:00 a.m. in our classroom here in South Beach. Some fun lectures and quizzes and you'll be ready for the exam. After a lunch break around noon, we will meet at one of our teaching pools for your introduction to the underwater habitat, and your first breaths under water!!\
\
Day 2: On the second day, we will meet at South Beach Divers at 10 a.m. After we assemble our gear, we will depart for John Pennekamp Underwater State Park in Key Largo to make our first two open water dives. We are the only Miami based dive center that includes two Key Largo dives as part of the certification class because we feel it is essential to display the diversity of diving in Miami. We return around 7:00 p.m. that evening - a full day. We will stop for lunch on the way down so bring some money.\
\
Day 3: On the third and final day, we will assemble at 7.45am at South Beach Divers to complete our certification dives in Miami Beach. (Yes, you get to dive on one of the wrecks!) The day concludes around 1:00 p.m. when we return to the dive center and fill out our certification cards and take our certification photos!\
\
The total price of the class is a $289.00. This price includes: the CD-ROM or book and dive tables, instruction, pool work, boat fees, certification cards and all rental gear (tanks, weights, BCD, Regulator, wet suits, etc.) except personal gear. (Personal gear is considered to be mask, fins, and snorkel.) Enrolled students get special discounts on merchandise too!\
\
Don't delay! Come with us to see the beautiful ocean realm while it thrives! After you become certified we offer an active dive club that organizes trips nearly every weekend to exotic places and local venues. Be a part of our dive team - you won't regret it!\
\
\
Advanced Open Water Class\
After you've earned your PADI Open Water diver certification or the acceptable equivalent, you're ready for the Advanced Open Water Course. The Advanced class provides an excellent opportunity to expand your diving skills under professional, experienced supervision. At South Beach Divers, we offer many different specialties to make your Advanced class a real learning adventure:\
Underwater Navigator	\
Deep Diver\
Wreck Diver	\
Dive Propulsion Vehicle\
Dry Suit Diver\
Night Diver\
Underwater Naturalist	\
Boat Diver\
AWARE Fish Identification	\
\
The class features two core dives: Deep Dive & Navigation Dive. In addition, you must complete three elective dives. We like to have those three elective dives consist of Wreck diving and Underwater Naturalist and a Night dive, but you are free to choose whatever electives we offer. \
\
Miami is considered to be the "Wreckreational" Dive Capital of the World. There are over 50 wrecks in the Miami area that comprises the largest artificial reef system in the world. So, we feel that a concentration on wreck diving is paramount.\
\
Miami also enjoys close proximity to the Florida Keys, particularly John Pennekamp Underwater State Park. We should all take advantage of this opportunity to enjoy such a wide variety of underwater life. How can we appreciate what we see if we don't know what to look for or how to identify it when we see it? For this reason, we like to incorporate the Underwater naturalist elective dive into the Advanced class.\
\
The price for the Advanced certification class is $245.00. This price includes all boat fees, instruction, classroom, tanks and weights. Additional expenses may include a textbook, and rental gear which is available to students for 20% off the regular rate.\
\
After certification, you may come dive with us on Advanced dives weekly and take advantage of South Beach Divers' dive club. Our club organizes exclusive trips all over Florida, and the rest of world! Most members are Advanced certified or better and remain very active in local diving. Don't miss out, sign up today!\
\
\
Rescue Diver Course\
After you have completed the PADI Advanced Open Water Course and Medic First Aid, you are ready for the PADI Rescue Diver Course. The Rescue course provides divers with skills that are essential for Self Rescue and for helping other divers. Reaching this level is recommended for anyone that is serious about diving and staying safe.Upon completion you will qualify to take the PADI Dive Master class and be on your way to becoming a professional. The class consists of five academic and five open water modules. They are as follows:\
\
Module One\
1. Academic: Self Rescue and Diver Stress\
2. Open Water: Swimming and Non-swimming Assists, Panicked-Diver Response and Underwater Problems	\
\
Module Two\
1. Academic: Diving First Aid\
2. Open Water: Missing Diver Procedures and Surfacing the Unconscious Diver\
\
Module Three\
1. Academic: Emergency Management\
2. Open Water: In-Water Respiration and Equipment Removal	\
\
Module Four\
1. Academic: Equipment Considerations\
2. Open Water: In-Water Artificial Respiration(continued), Egress and First-Aid Procedures for Pressure Related Accidents.\
\
Module Five\
1. Academic: Review and Exam\
2. Open Water: Diving-Accident Scenarios\
\
The PADI Rescue Course is held once a month and takes four days to complete (normally Thursday- Sunday) but private schedules are available too. Our Rescue classes are kept small to ensure that you get lots of hands on practice.\
\
Don\'92t Delay! Sign up for the Rescue Course today. The cost is only $269.95. Which includes your manual, tanks and weights, one beach dive, and one boat dive. It does not include any other rental equipment.\
\
\
Divemaster Course\
After completion of the Rescue Diver Course and Medic First-Aid you are ready for the PADI Divemaster Course. Upon completion of this course you will be a PADI Professional Member, able to assist with PADI courses along side a PADI Instructor.\
\
The Divemaster Course is done in three segments:\
\
Watermanship and Skills Assessment\
This segment involves a 400-yard Swim, 15 Minute Tread, and 800-yard Snorkel Swim, General Diving Skills and Skill Circuit, Problem Solving, and Diver-Rescue Skills\
\
Knowledge Development\
This segment involves academics in Dive Planning, Dive Management and Control, Supervising Students in Training, Physics, Physiology, Equipment, Skills and Environment, and the Recreational Dive Planner and Wheel. An exam is given for each of these topics.\
\
Practical Application\
This segment involves Underwater Mapping, Pool-Skills Overview and Practice, the Role of the Divemaster in Confined and Open-Water Training, and the Role of the Divemaster in Nontraining Activities.\
\
During the Divemaster Course you will be involved in ongoing courses to get the feel of what it is like to supervise students. The price of the course is $595.00 which includes your manual, tanks and weights. It does not include any other equipment. Sign up for the Divemaster Course, become a PADI Professional, and maybe even start a new career in the Diving Industry.\
\
\'a0\
	\'a0	\
WRECKS\
\
In 1981 Dade County's Department of Environmental Resources Management sunk a steel-hulled tugboat called the ORION as part of a new program for artificial reef development. By placing man-made structures on barren ocean bottom, environmental managers were able to provide immediate shelter, and subsequently a new home, for a variety of marine life. Soon it was discovered that ships, as well as items with interesting shapes, would attract fish and scuba divers. Since the sinking of ORION, Dade County has added an oil platform, three dozen ships, including the freighter used in the movie FAIR GAME, a pair of army tanks, radio towers, concrete pyramids and the fuselage of a Boing 727.\
\
The Empire Mica was a British tanker, 465 ft. long, that was sunk by a German U-Boat. Two torpedos from the U-Boat caused a series of explosions which were heard along the Gulf coast of Florida, more than 20 miles away. The ship burned for a day as it drifted in the gulf, finally sinking in 105 ft. of water south of Cape San Blas, Florida. The explosions did a great deal of damage to the Empire Mica. Most of what's left of it is just a large debris field. Part of the bow section, however, is relatively intact, and rises 50 or 60 feet above the bottom. It's an authentic relic of WWII, unlike most of Florida's other wrecks which were purposely sunk for diving. \
\
Tortuga, the Fair Game movie wreck, was sunk in April, 1995. The movie sank a few months later. A 165' freighter, sits in 110' of water, you can hit the deck at about 90'. Used in the final scene of the movie where it blows up is the actual sinking supervised by DERM. This vessel is the absolute best penetration\'a0 wreck we have. Lots of fun for the trained and certified wreck diver, it offers a great training ground for wreck diving instructors. Not much growth yet, but grouper and other pelagics are starting to take an interest. Very popular deep dive for everyone.\
\
Tenneco Oil Rigs, known locally as Tenneco Towers were placed at their current location in October, 1985. Tenneco Towers is considered the northernmost dive site for dive operators located in Miami and the most popular dive site on the Southeast coast. The oil rigs were originally used in the Gulf of Mexico for oil and gas exploration. Tenneco Oil Co. (at their own expense) brought the towers by barge around the Florida Keys and placed them at their present site. The area consists of 3 sites: West Tenneco at 105' depth, relief of approx. 35', Middle Tenneco at 115' depth, approx. 35' of relief and Deep Tenneco at a depth of 185' and 205', 2 towers separated east to west 100' with approx. 60' of relief.\
\
The C-One, a 120' US Navy steel tug boat was placed at its present site in November, 1990. The vessel is intact with limited penetration and sits in approx. 72' of water. The wreck lists 45 degrees, giving an spooky dive experience.\
\
The Conception, a 165' Honduran freighter was sunk in June, 1991. This wreck, which was severely damaged by hurricane Andrew, sits about 100' northeast of the C-One. The stern is approx. 40' north of the main section which has collapsed to a 5' profile. Sits in 68' of water.\
\
Deep Freeze is one of our most popular advanced dives. The 210' freighter lies in 135' of water. Fairly strong current is the norm here. Relief of about 25'. As one of Miami's oldest wrecks, she was sunk in October, 1976. Excellent penetration for experienced wreck divers. Popular spot for local spearfishermen. Slight damage from hurricane Andrew.\
\
Wreck Trek is an artificial reef area mapped out by local dive boat Captain Rick Smith of Undersea Miami. The site consists of the Miss Patricia, 85' tug, sunk June, 1990, Miss Karlene, tug severely damaged by hurricane Andrew, 90' away from the Patrica on a heading of 150 degrees, Ben's Antenna reef, old radio towers, Billy's Barge, 75' steel barge, limestone boulders and more sites being connected. The depth is about 45' to 60'. This area can be covered by an experienced diver in a big hurry, but is worth a few dives to see everything. This is one of our most popular destinations, not only for training new divers,but because it offers a moderate, relaxed dive for intermediate divers.\
\
Army Tanks, 2 forty ton Vietnam era combat tanks placed August, 1994 in about 50' of water. Located at the east and west ends of a large crescent shaped area of huge limestone boulders. Plans call for an additional 8 tanks to be placed at the site. Interesting to watch a new reef develop. This is an excellent site for marine life, because it affords many places to hide, especially for lobster. This site is now tied in with the "Wreck Trek" site.\
\
Andro, 165' vessel, originally built as a luxury yacht in 1910. Sunk in 105' of water in December, 1985. Hurricane Andrew ripped it into a few pieces making it much more interesting, but, at the same time, extremely dangerous. A popular place for local fishermen makes it hard, sometimes, to get divers on the site.\
\
Narwal, a 137' steel freighter was sunk in 126' of water in April, 1986. Hurricane Andrew broke the vessel in half and moved it to water 10' deeper than it originally was. This is where we usually end up when we can't get on the Andro as it's pretty close by. An excellent dive, can be affected by strong current as are most wrecks at the 100' depth line.\
\
Graceland reef is a section of plate reef that broke and dropped about 4 to 5' creating an interesting ledge with small caverns underneath (too small for penetration). Located in 18 to 22' of water, this is a relaxing second dive. Some of the most beautiful tropical fish live here, including some that we don't see at any other site, like Copper Sweepers. Your likely to find Nurse sharks sleeping under some of the ledges, so bring a light! This site is several hundred yards long, there is a lot to see for the casual diver.\
\
\
\
STAFF\
\
The staff of Neptune Diving School has more than 200 years of combined deep sea commercial diving experience. They represent the highest level of commercial diving professionalism. Not only are they proficient teachers in the classroom, they have the seasoned experience and the skills necessary to get the job done in the real world.\'a0\
\
Shawn Griffen\
Senior Instructor - Mr. Griffen retired from the USN in 1975, and is a graduate of the USN School of Diving and Salvage and the USN Saturation Diving School.  In his distinguished career as a diver he spent eight years as a saturation diver, where he completed a then unprecedented world record dive of 1,010 feet. He was also a USN Salvage and Saturation diving instructor for two years. \
\
Tammy Martinez\
Instructor - Ms. Martinez started her commercial diving career in 1985 as a graduate of DIT. Since then she has worked offshore in the oil fields of the Gulf of Mexico and inland in power plants on the east coast. In the Hawaiian Islands, Tammy worked on salvage and other commercial projects, and in the Caribbean Tammy had the unique opportunity of diving on several treasure hunting expeditions. Tammy has been certified as a SCUBA instructor for NAUI and MDEA since 1986, and she also holds certificates as a Hazardous Waste Operations and Emergency Response Instructor. \
\
Cathy Smith\
Instructor - Ms. Smith has over 20 years of diving experience starting in 1974. A Certified Scuba Diver, U.S. Navy Mixed Gas Diver, Certified Hyperbaric Techologist and NDT Instructor, Cathy has worked in the Inland Commercial Industry, at nuclear power plants, diving in the Missouri River, conducting dredging, underwater maintenance and salvage.\
\
Frank Thomas\
Instructor - Mr. Thomas began diving in 1983. He has worked in the commercial diving industry as a salvage diver and dive instructor. He is also a certified IANTD SCUBA instructor able to teach open water through Advanced Nitrox with accelerated in-water decompression. He is factory certified as a repair technician for several equipment manufacturers. He is also certified as a gas blender and an O2 repair technician. Frank has varied experience using commercial diving equipment including open circuit, semi-closed circuit rebreathers, and fully closed circuit rebreathers. His experience in salvage comes from years of salvage work around the world. \
\
Eric Truman\
Instructor - Mr. Truman has an Associates Degree in Oceanography and Marine Diving Technology, and has over 20 years experience in the commercial diving industry. He has worked in the Gulf of Mexico, the North Sea, and California. He specializes in Hyperbaric Medicine, Chamber Operations and Deep Diving Systems.}